Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
♪ 'Cause I am ♪
♪ I am ♪
♪ A little wicked ♪
♪ Hands red ♪
♪ Just like you said ♪
♪ I am ♪
♪ A little wicked ♪
Anya?
What was the discussion we had last night?
-Yeah. yeah.
-Don't "yeah. yeah" me.
I don't want another letter home.
-Letter?
-Email. whatever. It's still a letter.
It's just sent electronically.
Which you would understand
if you read a book
rather than get all your information
from TikTac.
I'm on with Sam. Switch to video.
-Do you want to say hello?
-Sam!
-Hi. Sam! How's uni?
-Hello.
Well. judging by your Uber account.
you spend most of your time in bars.
-It's a video game bar.
-Has anyone seen my keys?
There's someone else here
who wants to see you.
-Say hello to Mittens.
-Hi. Mittens. Does he miss me?
Oh. yeah. He talks about nothing else.
-Why are my keys not on the hook?
-Looked upstairs?
♪ Drinking in the morning sun ♪
♪ Blinking in the morning sun ♪
♪ Shaking off a heavy one ♪
♪ Yeah. heavy like a loaded gun ♪
♪ What made me behave that way? ♪
♪ Using words I never say ♪
♪ I can only think it must be love ♪
♪ Oh. anyway ♪
♪ Looking like a beautiful day ♪
♪ Someone tell me how I feel ♪
Paige?
It's Dad.
It's Dad. Paige. Hey. hey.
Hey--
Paige! Paige!
Paige? Paige?
Paige?
Paige? Sweetheart. Paige!
Please. please. Paige. Hey.
-Hey. wait.
-Let go of me!
Paige. it's Dad. Paige.
It's Dad. Just come with me.
Come with me. and everything will be okay.
I promise you.
-I'm sorry.
-No. it's all right. darling.
I'm here to help you.
-You can't.
-If you come with me.
-I promise it'll be okay.
-What the fuck?
Stay away. you. I mean it.
Paige. I need you to come with me now.
-Let's go.
-Let go. Let go of me!
-You heard her.
-Paige! Paige. just listen.
Just walk away.
Get out of my way. Paige. wait.
Just fucking leave her alone. old man.
-Paige! Paige!
-Daddy.
Daddy's dead to her now.
Fuck off. Paige!
Fuck off.
Paige!
Get the fuck off me.
She's my daughter.
She's my daughter. Get off me.
Paige.
Paige!
♪ Someone tell me how I feel ♪
♪ It's silly wrong but vivid right ♪
♪ Oh. kiss me like the final meal ♪
♪ Yeah. kiss me like we die tonight ♪
♪ 'Cause holy cow. I love your eyes ♪
♪ And only now I see the light ♪
♪ Yeah. lying with you half awake ♪
I told her. I'll come.
Yes. I haven't had a chance.
Yes. I'll get back to you later.
Jessica Kinberg.
-Yvonne sent me to get you out of here.
-Simon Greene.
So the scumbag was your wayward
daughter's boyfriend. right?
And you punched him in the face.
-Right.
-Wrong.
You are the victim.
All your actions entirely self-defense.
Problem is. it doesn't look
like self-defense in this video.
Oh. shit. This is out of context.
It doesn't show the start.
Seeing is believing. Simon. online.
and all people are seeing is you.
smart guy in a suit.
hitting a homeless man.
-That's not what happened.
-Look at the views.
-Oh my God.
-You got unlucky.
Some YouTuber in the park
doing a class caught everything on camera.
uploaded it. now ranting
to all their followers online.
Ah-ah-ah.
Don't look at the comments.
When was the last time
you saw Paige before today?
Um…
Uh. six months ago.
She came home for a day or two.
Her brother Sam was back from university.
But her behavior was…
inexcusable.
Get out of the way. Mum!
Get out of the way!
-Get out of the fucking way!
-What are you doing?
-Move!
-Hey. Paige!
We were all broken by it. but…
we had to let her go.
But you carried on looking.
I had to try and get her back.
Come on. Let's get you out of here.
It's fucking ridiculous.
They should be out there
looking for Aaron.
Well. you were dismissed without charge.
I'd say that's a pretty good result.
How many views now?
-Oh my God.
-Well. that's encouraging.
If I were to say ten million.
how would you feel?
-Ten million?
-It's actually two million.
But that's better. isn't it.
after hearing 10?
-Two million?
-Yeah. you know how these things spread.
-God.
-No. No. no. Don't switch it on.
Let's head home.
and we'll work out a plan of action.
Two million.
Bruno. fetch!
Bruno. come here. Come on.
Bruno. come on. Bruno. come on. Come on.
Bruno?
-Bruno!
-Come on.
Bruno?
-Bruno!
-In you go. Go on.
You look down in here. poppet.
Look. Look over here.
-Bruno?
-Bruno!
-Bruno. come on now!
-Hello?
-Oh. hello. Um…
You don't actually know me.
but. uh. I found your dog.
Oh my God.
That's such a relief. Thank you.
Yeah. I knew you'd be worried.
But look. he's all fine and safe.
No harm done.
So why don't I just pop the little fella
back to you?
Oh no. Um. I'll come to you.
No. no. I insist.
I'm heading out anyway. It's no bother.
So. um. if you just give me your address.
I'll bring him home.
Good boy.
Look! It's Bruno!
Bruno!
Oh. she's so happy! Thank you so much.
He's never run off before.
We thought we'd lost him.
Dogs will be dogs.
Do you own this place?
Yeah.
I've heard it's very good…
for vegan.
Come. Anytime. It's on me.
Oh gosh.
Thank you. That's. uh…
Actually. have you got a table free now?
Only I am famished.
Yeah. Uh…
Yeah. uh. take a seat.
Hello?
Hello.
Is that. uh. Elena Ravenscroft?
It is.
You're a private investigator. right?
Correct.
My name is Sebastian Thorpe. and. uh…
I need help to find my son.
How quickly can you see me?
Oh my God.
You won't believe what just happened.
This rich guy just went over
to this homeless guy
and punched him in the face.
Jam it right there on his nose. okay?
She just needs to come back
in a couple of months.
-Bye. Doctor Greene. Thank you.
-See you!
Ingrid. Urgent. apparently.
What is this world coming to?
I'm so sorry.
Why would you do that?
Everyone knows it's you. They hate you.
-Anya!
-What the hell happened?
I had her.
I was trying to tell her things
could be okay. Then he showed up.
This isn't good.
These things take on a life of their own.
You think I don't know that?
You know. what people are watching
isn't what happened.
If they knew what Aaron was really like.
they'd be saying I didn't go far enough.
They'd be saying
I should've killed the bastard!
Why didn't you tell me you were going?
Because you'd have stopped me.
Doors opening.
Doors closing.
Welcome back.
Everyone supports you. okay? Safe space.
Thanks. Yvonne.
We did set up a WhatsApp group last week
for all the GIFs and memes
if you feel ready to laugh about it.
I'll pass.
FYI. I think
Marion's got a little crush on you.
Said it made you seem rugged.
-Oh. stop it.
-Hmm.
Seriously though. no one blames you.
Not after what he's put you through.
Yeah. it was pointless though. eh?
Paige is still out there.
I'm under strict instructions from
my sister to ease you back in gently. but…
-But?
-Exactly. You've had enough time off.
-Get back to work.
-Yes. ma'am.
His name's Aaron Corval.
His girlfriend. Paige Greene.
was the last person seen with him.
We're looking for her
because he knew his killer.
-Someone he knows did that to him?
-Two mugs.
He opened the door to them.
brought them inside.
and they killed him.
Nasty. brutish. and short.
This is how you end up
when you're living a life with no rules.
Profound.
He always smells so nice.
For a DS.
What do you think?
I don't wanna show up at parents' evening
looking like a businessman
who beats people up.
No. it's good. It works.
Are you sure about this?
I mean. I can just go if you like.
No.
I can't hide away.
Let's go.
-Now. where are we going first?
-Uh. Miss Rainer.
Miss Rainer. What's she again?
-Geography.
-Okay.
-Mr. and Mrs. Greene. hi. Take a seat.
-Thank you.
Anya's been performing really well.
Her mock grades were fantastic.
despite the recent distraction.
Okay. Well. thanks.
Glad she's doing so well.
-Thank you.
-Yeah.
-Right. where are we off to next?
-Mr. Greene?
Two detectives are here to see you.
Why don't you go to the library?
Who are you? What's this about?
Detective Fagbenle.
Detective Todd. We went to your home.
Your neighbor said you'd be here.
You mind telling me where you were between
5 p.m. and 10 p.m. yesterday evening?
-Why?
-What… What is this? What's happened?
Can you recall your movements?
Do I need my lawyer?
You tell me. I'm just trying
to ascertain your whereabouts.
-Tell me what's happened!
-Is it Paige?
No. It's not your daughter.
What then?
-Do you know this man?
-Of course I do.
You know I do. Half the world knows I do.
It's Aaron Corval.
It's our daughter's boyfriend.
-When was the last time you saw him?
-The day I assaulted him in self-defense.
Why?
Because Aaron Corval
was found dead last night.
He was murdered.
Mr. Thorpe?
Wait. You're Elena Ravenscroft?
In the flesh.
I can do a little twirl if you like.
You come. uh. highly recommended.
There we are then. Shall we…
Tell me more about your son.
Henry.
He's 21 years old.
Nice looking boy.
How long has he been missing?
Six days.
You reported it to the police?
-Of course.
-And?
And they were very polite.
but told me that. as he's not a minor.
and there's nothing suspicious…
They. uh. took a report.
Is it unusual
for him to go away like this?
Well. uh. no.
But he sent me a text
the day he went missing.
-Saying?
-"Heading down south with a few friends."
"Back in two weeks."
-And you showed that text to the police?
-I did.
-And?
-And they took a photo of it.
-For their report.
Henry had been in some trouble
with the law.
What kind of trouble?
Oh. minor stuff.
Drugs. Possession.
-Prison?
-No.
Nothing serious.
Referrals to youth offending.
So…
He's disappeared before.
Yes. he has. But. uh… this is different.
Why?
Because our relationship has been
rather strained of late.
Henry doesn't like my new wife.
Abigail.
She's attractive.
-I know what you're thinking.
-Don't think you do.
Yeah. she's younger. And so what?
Feelings are feelings.
That text message…
-It's gonna sound stupid.
-Try me.
Well. the other times
Henry's run away. he's just gone.
No note. no text. nothing.
So. this is out of character?
I took the liberty of doing
a bit of digging before I got here.
Now. your son sent that text
from his own phone. correct?
Correct.
Well. before I got here.
I pinged that phone.
What does that mean? "Ping"?
No idea. I've got a tech woman. Lou.
-So. where is he?
-Well. that's just it.
There was no answer to our ping.
He could just have his phone off.
True. but we also tracked GPS.
and that was a dead end as well.
So?
Look…
I don't want to alarm you.
but knowing what I know
about young men and women. to be fair.
they can't be more than two seconds
away from their phones. So…
either he's destroyed it.
or someone else has.
He's adopted. Henry.
but he couldn't have loved Gretchen.
my first wife. any more.
He was only 11 when she died.
I'm so sorry.
It was the start of all his problems.
Mr. Thorpe.
I can help you.
And I will not be filing reports.
I will be out there day and night
trying to find your son.
Please. Miss Ravenscroft.
help me find him.
So. can you tell us
what you did last night?
I got home from work about 6:15.
changed. went for a run.
-Alone?
-Yes.
Uh. but my phone tracks the route.
so feel free to check.
I got back. had a shower.
made some pasta for myself and Anya.
chatted to her a bit about her schoolwork.
watched some TV.
-Can you remember what?
-The football. Nil-nil.
Where was your wife?
She was at work. hospital.
She does night shifts.
She's a pediatrician.
Your daughter. Anya. she's 17.
I assume you weren't sitting side by side
all evening?
No. she went to her room.
-What time was that?
-How am I supposed to remember that?
Maybe I judge people by my own abilities.
but I have a very good sense of time.
-Do you?
-I do.
You ran. showered. had dinner. so what…
8:30? 8:45?
-I couldn't give you an exact time.
-Try.
-Detective.
-An approximation.
9:00 p.m.
And you have a son. yeah? Samuel.
-Where's he?
-University.
-How far's that?
-My son didn't come back from univer--
-Simon!
-"Simon"?
It's Mr. Greene. He's not your pal.
You hearing this?
These four walls.
my domain. my interview.
So I'll address people as I see fit.
I'd like to remind you
that my client is here voluntarily.
And I'd like to remind you
that we're investigating a murder.
Mr. Greene.
You haven't seen
your eldest daughter. Paige.
since the incident in the park
for which you were arrested.
-Correct?
-Correct.
And how did you know
Paige was gonna be there that day?
Um. I got a… a tip-off.
My neighbor Charlie had seen her.
He told me that Paige was busking.
I hadn't seen my daughter in six months.
I was desperate.
So I. uh… I went every day
to where Charlie had seen her.
chucked money around for information.
and I discovered
that buskers have a schedule.
A schedule?
Yeah. Organized by a charmer
called Dave Divine.
You claimed after your arrest
for the assault on Aaron Corval
that he had kidnapped her.
I believe he keeps her…
kept her against her will.
She's a drug user. yes?
-Is that relevant?
-Very much so.
Yes. she is.
Look…
There was a Paige before Aaron Corval
and a Paige after Aaron Corval.
And they were very different.
He's a violent. unhinged individual.
Which is why.
when he came towards me in the park.
I feared for my safety.
And if Aaron is dead
and no longer in Paige's life.
that makes me extremely happy.
You're glad he's dead?
-Simon. just stop. okay?
-Yes. very.
And I hope he suffered.
And I hope he rots in hell.
But I didn't kill him.
You must appreciate
that from our point of view.
you have both the motive
and the window of opportunity--
Based on what?
A selectively edited TikTok clip? Come on.
Do the real police work.
Miss Kinberg.
I'd like to be able to ask questions
without this constant--
I'd like to be in Bali with Idris Elba.
but we're both gonna have to live
with the disappointment.
We're done here. Simon.
Professional feedback.
Probably best not to tell the police
you're happy someone's dead
when they suspect you of murder.
Professional feedback.
It's probably best
not to want to screw the detective
that suspects your client of murder.
-The guy's a prick.
-He's a sexy prick though. eh?
-You were trying to impress him.
-Whatever.
They'll need to speak to Ingrid.
If she was at work.
then she can account for her movements.
But you can see where this is going.
can't you?
They're gonna try and find a window.
Either after your run
or the time Anya was in her room.
They'll say it was long enough
for you to go around there and kill him.
So you need to think about that time slot
very carefully.
Did you go online? Did you email?
Anything that puts you
definitely inside that house.
Okay. if you think of anything. call me.
Keep in touch.
Thanks.
So let me ask you something.
Do you believe in fate?
-I don't know.
-You don't know?
You have no opinion?
Okay.
Well. think about this.
There's an American baseball player.
right. from like forever ago.
called Lucky Lohrke.
and he's having to serve in the army
during World War II.
First. he's on a transport train
that crashed. killing three.
But Lohrke walks away without a scratch.
Then in four separate battles.
the soldier right next
to Lucky Lohrke gets killed.
Lucky again walks away without a scratch.
The war ends. and Lucky's about to board
a plane to fly back to California.
But at the last minute.
a high-ranking official shows up.
Lucky gets bumped from the flight.
The plane takes off. crashes.
Everyone on board is killed.
Is this a true story?
Yes. of course it's true.
But I'm not finished yet.
It's after the war. and Lucky's back
playing baseball in the minor leagues.
His team are on the road.
and they stop somewhere for food.
A message comes from the manager
telling Lucky he's been promoted
to a higher league.
Lucky has to report
to his new team right away.
So. rather than get back on the bus
with his old teammates.
he gathers his belongings
and decides to hitchhike home.
The bus continues
high up in the mountains.
surrounded by darkness. wet on the road.
and the driver loses control.
The bus goes tumbling into a ravine
and bursts into flames.
-Uh-huh.
-Think of the odds.
Death comes seven times.
and seven times he dodges.
That's more than luck.
That's the universe keeping him alive.
So now let me ask you.
do you have an opinion on fate?
Keep the car running.
They all have to be done different.
Fuck.
Everything will be fine
if you just stay quiet.
What do you want?
Put the screwdriver down. Kevin.
Who are you? What's this about?
Put it down.
Think about your girls.
Kiera and Carla.
Inside watching telly. aren't they?
All right. get your phone out.
Now text your wife.
Write. "I'm sorry."
"Forgive me."
No.
Either you do it. or I do it.
Don't make me go inside
and pay them a visit.
Let's not get them involved.
I'm sorry.
We came back together. didn't we?
So maybe I do believe in fate.
-Hi.
-Oh. love. are you all right?
Yeah. no. I'm fine.
The police showed up
just because I punched Aaron.
I am so sorry they came to your school.
God. how embarrassing. I'm sorry.
Yeah. well. I told Sam.
and he's worried sick. so you should…
Yeah. no. I'll call him.
-Shall I come home for a few days?
-There's no need. We're fine.
But if Aaron's been murd--
Dad. where the hell's Paige?
They don't know.
-Stay there.
-What are they saying?
-They don't think she's involved. do they?
-No. they think I am.
But Aaron was a scummy little bollocks.
and I'm sure he had lots of enemies.
I feel like I should be there.
In case you need me.
Stay at university.
I'll call if anything develops. okay?
Okay. Okay.
Thank you.
What a day. eh?
Um. I need some fresh air.
-Anyone want to join me?
-No. thanks.
I'll come.
Will you be all right?
We'll be right back.
Don't drink that wine.
Aaron was mutilated.
How?
Do you really need the details?
Well. yes.
How do you know this?
Jessica. my lawyer.
She called me when I was driving home.
She has a source.
Doesn't surprise me.
The source told her that…
they cut off three fingers.
Jessica thinks it could be gang-related
with that kind of violence.
Well. if…
if Aaron was alive.
it might mean someone was trying
to get information out of him.
What kind of information?
I don't know.
And now. no one can find our daughter.
What are we gonna do?
-Hi. love.
-Oh.
Couldn't sleep.
Yeah. me neither.
I think I was awake half the night.
They say it's not our fault. don't they?
The parents.
I think it has to be.
A lot of it.
Choices that we made.
Were we not strong enough with her
when we first thought she was using?
Ingrid. I can't do what the books tell us.
Let Paige reach rock bottom.
What if rock bottom is death?
You're right.
We can't do nothing.
We can't leave her out there.
We need to find her. She's our baby.
I know.
And I want her back under this roof
more than anything. Simon.
Right. well. let's go out there together.
Let's get her before anything worse
happens to her. before…
…the police start accusing her of…
She didn't kill him.
She's not capable of that.
That prick could drive anyone to murder.
I've got the memes to prove it.
We just need to find her
and bring her home.
We should go to Aaron's flat.
Hmm?
Um. that's a crime scene.
We go at night.
Inconspicuous.
It's the last place she was living.
That's where we need to start.
Then we'll take it from there.
Okay.
Let's get her back.
Okay. the pita with the half salad.
And my actual favorite one.
You all good for drinks and stuff? Great.
Such delicious food. And I'm a meat eater.
Don't worry.
Not expecting a freebie this time.
I'll pay.
-Hello.
-Lou.
This missing boy. Henry Thorpe.
I'm on his Instagram page.
Anything interesting?
Mostly the usual narcissistic
self-indulgence. but there is one thing.
Someone's commented.
"We can't wait to see you next week!"
on his last post.
But the profile is private.
Can you work your techie magic
and find out who it is?
-Techie magic takes time.
-How long?
Don't know. But. uh…
Do you remember
when you said I needed to exercise more?
Well.
I signed up for a spin class.
and it starts tonight.
You signed up for a spin class?
Mm-hmm.
Lou. a boy's life is in danger.
Shall we start the spin next week?
See you.
Are we sure about this?
It's our only option.
Ready?
Okay.
Second floor. flat 23.
Come on.
-Now what?
-Kick it.
-With my knee?
-Go on.
Do you want me to do it?
No.
Hey!
You looking for Paige?
-Uh. h… Do you know her?
-You're her mother. right?
You look like her. Or her. you.
-Do you know where she is?
-No idea.
-Do you know someone who might?
-Someone.
A friend?
I'm her friend.
Cornelius.
Simon. This is Ingrid.
Paige isn't here.
and she's certainly not in there.
This is the last place she was.
We have to start somewhere.
Aside from Paige. only two other people
had keys to that flat.
-And one of them's dead.
-What about the other one?
Paige gave me a key
because they kept losing them.
-She lived here?
-Jesus.
It's not a great life. is it?
But she's a kind person. your daughter.
To me. at least.
We used to play chess together.
She told me you taught her. Simon.
Sometimes she'd come to my place
for a bite to eat.
If she hurt anyone.
it's the devil inside her.
He finds your weaknesses.
wriggles through your skin
and into your bloodstream.
I assume you knew Aaron. then?
I knew him.
Two days before he died.
she darted past me on the stairs.
Paige?
She needed a fix. so she headed down
to see Rocco. their dealer.
He operates out of the basement
in the building next door.
Aaron worked for him.
She needed a fix.
She was in a hurry.
But as she came past me.
I noticed she had blood on her face.
Like she'd been beaten.
Aaron beat her.
So I let myself in.
And I have never wanted to kill someone
so bad in my whole life.
But you didn't.
So who did?
I really don't know.
And you haven't seen Paige since?
No.
We need to find Paige.
Find out where she went
after she ran out of here.
Then you need to see Rocco.
I'll tell you where to find him.
-Who are you?
-We're looking for Rocco.
Our daughter. Paige. is missing.
We think he might help us find her.
Follow me.
I recognize you.
The internet sensation. yeah?
Don't hit me!
So what can I do for you fine people?
We understand you saw Paige recently.
Oh. you understand that. do you?
Where do you understand that from?
-We just heard.
-Heard from who?
Whom.
What?
"Heard from whom."
Not "who."
Where were we?
Paige was a client of yours.
She came to you for drugs.
Whatever business you imagine I am in.
confidentiality would be a key component.
We don't care about your business.
We just wanna find--
Look around you.
-Does this look like the sort of place--
-£10.000.
I'm desperate.
-You have that on you?
-No. obviously. But I can get it.
-What do they want?
-Whoa. whoa! Hey! Whoa!
-Luther. put the fucking gun down.
-We just wanna find our daughter!
-Whoa. No.
-What are you doing here?
We just wanna find our daughter!
Don't do that!
-No!
-Don't be crazy.
Ingrid!
Ingrid! Ingrid!
No!
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm